everyone Travis here at the LCS for me
and I'm joined right now by Avila who is
here at the LCS for you me yes I'm okay
I'm here of my own free will
okay yes yes I you made it sound like I
had to work for you or something like it
wasn't we this is my way of trying to
make it where you could throw out that
you're doing else yes independently for
you know your own passion and also tips
from the community yes passion I'm super
passionate about LCS can't you tell
can't you see all of this excitement
just radiating off of me you don't look
like you're enjoying it at all well I'm
glad we're off to a great start alright
so actually the first time I the only
time I think we've appeared on camera
together that was really public ly was
when I announced that you're gonna be
covering LCS and that was I believe like
back in February
so now you've covered LCS for many many
months and you've created content how
are things going with you pretty good I
mean working with you and Yahoo gave me
like this huge start you guys helped me
like actually figure out how do you
formulate questions in my head and then
ask them and appear nicely on camera
where before I think you were yelling
and need to take off like my
six-year-old sneakers and stuff and then
now you taught me how to dress
appropriately and smile and look
appropriately so I mean like I just huge
learning experiences I didn't mean for
you to just like you know bolster my ego
I was I meant more like what it what do
you enjoy about covering layup how is
this experience meant for you oh my gosh
it's so fun because I get to hear all of
the stories from all the players which
is what I'd like a live and breathe for
I want to see how all the players kind
of like develop everyone's going through
even though it's like a similar
environment everyone has like their own
path that they're kind of going through
throughout the LCS which is what I'm in
love with so I just want to focus I
think right now I'm trying to focus more
on like players personalities and like
internal stuff and those are the things
that I like to kind of cover ok well
that's cool and what it what is it like
for you working at the
yes justice like a general experience
cuz I'm sure a lot of people are like
man it'd be so cool I like going to LCS
every weekend it work it was great until
they changed their nachos I mean I don't
know what it's like it's like a Fritos
bag and then they just poured a can of
beans in there and that's that's not fun
but of course working at the LCS is fun
because you have all of these passionate
fans and there's just all this energy
whenever you walk into the arena or even
the seeder and screaming and you get
hyped and everyone else is hype so I
mean working here is like living the
eSports dream Travis live in the eSports
dream is it all that everyone would
expect as we live at the eSports dream
yeah but I think we could use more
collegiate stuff so nobody cares about
collegiate eSports I care Travis I care
for all the college students out there I
care and I'm all your collegiate sports
coverage also was really enjoyed by so
many people it was yeah it was my mom
liked it three times yeah I didn't even
know that that was possible she I don't
know I think she like liked it disliked
it liked it then disliked it we made
alternate accounts ah no it's too much
for her so what what is going on with
you this summer you know for anybody
because I obviously people are curious
about avila May you only ever post
pictures of your dogs on social media so
no one really knows what you're doing
but what's life like for you the summer
kids here for those I don't know you're
still in college right I am still in
college this is my final summer as like
a student because next year I'm a senior
and then after I graduate it's like okay
real world have fun so I'm still super
excited to to do LCS coverage but I'm
also going to take kind of like a little
bit of a less workload so I can relax
because I've I thought about it like
last week and I've been kind of working
multiple jobs since I was 14 13 or 14 so
I haven't had a break in a while I mean
you you could have only worked one job
for the past six months right I'm a
broke college student Travis I have to I
have to pay the bills I have to pay my
dog's bills you know how much he needs
well okay anyway on that note though
what similar to me what how are you
going to be
uh tryin to you know help yourself out
with these interviews I guess oh are we
talking about the website that I spent
so many minutes working on oh well I'm
going to be opening up a little donation
page on my website that I am slaving
away on what does that website awfully
calm I got it
Oh VI lae dot-coms okay didn't have to
spell the last part and so if people
want to buy you a coffee or dinner or
take you out on a date where they don't
actually get to be there and it's just
you by yourself they could do that at
awfully calm is that what people do for
you I thought I I wish they would do for
me okay well I saw the comments that
everyone wants to buy you a trace or
body pillow or something on Amazon so I
have on my wish list because you should
make a wish this - I have like I had
like 22 different things on there a lot
of it is like gear and stuff to help us
out because we're using my equipment and
I also a tracer body pillow because you
know you never know when you're gonna
trace your body pillow and all these
comments are about to trace your body
pillow no one bought anything nobody
bought the tracer body pillow I so far
I've gotten a car charger or like a
charger for my phone which was about I
think eight bucks so shout to that
person and also a SD card reader that
disappeared for my wishlist but has yet
to show up and I think that was also a
book so thank you to that person that's
going to help us actually read these SD
cards it's gonna be great ah
I would like a do body pillow cover um
miss do do do Brando the world from
JoJo's Bizarre Adventure number one
anime of all time featured on Emily
rands
anime pick of the week on League Weekly
well do you have it on your Amazon wish
list no but I have it like I've been
wishing for it for a while okay if you
don't have it on a way on a wish list
like how can people get it for you
messenger pigeons I have a hot tub full
boyfriend body pillow - it's the one
where it's like the romance simulator
with the doves am i killing this
interview now that we don't work at
Yahoo and do coverage for them
so much you could just admit to so many
things yeah some motorcycle drives
buying what other things you know would
you like to admit publicly it's consider
you I have a jibreel body pillow from no
game no life wait how many body pillows
do you have I don't have a body pillow I
visit razor thing up there half jokingly
half jokingly because I thought it would
be funny and also I love tracer I'm now
finding out that you are like the body
pillow connoisseur I didn't know this I
would also like a sebastian michaelis
body pillow from the anime Black Butler
I think I would just like to have a wish
list of body pillows because none of
yours are from video games they're all
from oh look it's TSM you can't see
because it's really bright over there
but uh yeah you have to go interview one
of them maybe if you get a chance to
interview them meeting yeah I don't know
did you tell them you were awfully me
here with Travis Cafferty sports because
the Travis cafard thing I think helps I
have to say hi I'm Li Mei with Travis
Cafferty Sport you don't have to say
that in the interview but when you
request the interview and they don't
know who you're here for you say me
Travis they know me now okay whatever
anyone body pillows you have that you
want to miss you know I need more okay
help me build a fort yeah I feel I I
don't know I don't know if it's a good
thing or a bad thing
that the only tips you might get will be
body pillows that's a wonderful thing
that is an absolutely wonderful thing I
could live off body pillows are you
actually going to make a wish list of
body pillows yes okay so people will
find that on awfully calm yeah so really
you're going here to cover to cover LCS
for two reasons one is your passion
about the storylines you like doing
these interviews it's fantastic and also
you're hoping to accumulate several
different body pillows oh that's living
the dream okay Makoto from free do you
have do you have enough pillows for
these body pillows I would also like
some pillows because they're just pillow
cases yeah you put the pillowcase over
the pillow and it's it creates a it
helps me not feel so lonely
gee do you know that 50% of those videos
now about you and body pillows let's
make it 60 all right is there anything
you want to say to any other fans out
there thank you so much for supporting
me throughout my wild ride with Travis
at Yahoo and now jumping in over the
summer with Travis at Travis I don't I'm
not sure how you want me to end this I'm
so used to you can check out more of our
content at Travis ghafir calm that's not
where it's all calm are you tuned to the
league on YouTube alright aren't you
happy this is my real personality I
don't cover it behind Yahoo anymore yeah
do we end it here